1. rewarding
2. communicate
3. access
4. embarrassing
5. positive
6. commitment
7. virtual


1. The years he sepent in the coutrtryside proved to be a rewarding experience. 

2. You can learn a lot from this online course. It is designed to help people communicate better through speech and writing.

3. Over a third of the population was estimated to have no access to he alth service. 

4. Asking too many personal questions during an interview can lead to a(n) embarrassing situation.


5. Don't just complain about what's wrong with it ; suggest some positive ways to solve the problem.


6. No one in the class could match johns hard work and commitment to study, which is why the problem.


7. The Web site allows you to take a(n) virtual tour of the well-known city which was there about 2, 000 years ago.

1. appeals
2. identity
3. concern
4. disgusting
5. upset
6. influence
7. offensive


1. If the bike appeals to you that much, why not buy it? You just got paid yesterday. 

2. He managed to hide his identity and moved to a new town where people would not know him.

3. All of your concern was for nothing because I was safe all night.

4. It was worse than horrible ; the smell in the room was so disgusting that it actually made me sick.

5. I wasn't quite angry, but I was a little upset when my noodles were cooked poorly.

6. Modern music may have a neative influence as well as a positive one on teenagers.

7. He has made a(n) offensive remark that angers all of us.

1. inwardly
2. regret
3. occasion
4. complained
5. urged
6. coordinate
7. reluctance

1. Inwardly I was very unhappy with what he had said, but ı didn't show it.

2. I deeply regret to inform you that we cannot accept such conditions. 

3. He translated books not only from English, but also, on occasion,from French.

4. The young couple complained about the high cost of visiting Europe.

5. He had repeatedly urged her to come to the United States to join him, but she refused to leave her homeland

6. Government officials visited the flood area on Thursday morning to coordinate the relief efforts

7. He showed great reluctance in signing the agreement, but he finally did it.

